Fast shipping.Good item ☺️ Thank you
Great Item-Fast Shipping-Thank You!
it works great.
Yes, the item was exactly as described. This 6 Quart bowl -lift stand mixer was purchased as a gift.
Fantastic Love it! great seller!
The Best home kitchen mixer
Mixer was perfect
Came in 10 days. Have to hand it to them they did the right thing.
Price dropped right after I ordered. No big deal but I could’ve gotten it for $20 or so less, right after I bought it from them here, so that was annoying. Refurb mixer works great though, I would recommend it. Also shipped fast and arrived perfect!
works great fast service
Loons good haven't used it yet
Lo mejor, estuve satisfecho con el envío, seguimiento y entrega del producto
arrived quickly and just as described, love that it comes with a two year warrantee
It was exactly as advertised. Hopefully it will last us many years. Shipped quickly.
Item as described & at a great price. Shipped quickly. Only negative was that seller failed to respond to a question. (Still hasn’t answered over a month later. 🤨)
Item as described! Great seller!
Arrived as described. Just in time for the holiday season!
Fast shipping, as described!
Fast shipping. Good service.
Very. Happy. With. Mixer. And. Fast. Shipping. .would. buy. From. This. Seller. Again
Fast delivery! Great price
Excellent price, very reliable!
Fast and secure shipping. Highly recommended!
Quick and as described
smooth easy transaction
Perfect Transaction AAAA++++
Great seller
Awesome ebayer great mixer!!
☆☆☆☆☆
☆☆☆☆☆
Thank you
A+ thanks
x
A-OK!
Thanks
100% thanks
Great item
Great ítem
Item as described fast shipping
Good eBayer. Affordable prices
Perfect great purchase
Very happy with purchase and seller quick delivery AAA++++
Excelente
Excelente
Great deal fast shipping!
Five star deal
Exelente
A+
Mixer was not packaged well and everything was just thrown in the mixer bowl Not what we would have expected from KitchenAid
Necesito saber que día recibiré mi artículo ya pasaron varios días que hice la compra y no se que fecha lo recibiré
